[Music]
Over 2000 years
ago, the tears of all living beings
fell.  On the night of the full moon in the
second month, the Buddha entered
Nirvana.  We humbly address
our benevolent father, the Buddha.
Today, the 2023 pilgrimage group of the
National Club of Six Harmonies has
come to this place to visit the Nirvana Temple.
We offer these robes as a tribute to the
sacred image of the Buddha upon his passing
into
Nirvana.  How miserable we are.
We came
to
this temple but were not able to see the physical body
of the Buddha.  Even the physical remains of the Buddha at the time of his
passing into Nirvana were not given to us
.  We were never able to make offerings to the
Buddha while he was still alive
.
We did not have the opportunity to hear the Buddha
preach while he was still alive.
We know that this is the result of
our bad karma and negative karma
.  The Buddha, with boundless compassion, taught
that when the Tathagata enters
Nirvana, remembering those who made offerings to the
Tathagata's physical body will
generate immeasurable merit.
Eventually, they will also become Buddhas.  Today
we are filled with pure and unwavering faith in the
Buddha.
The Buddha is the perfectly enlightened one, the
perfectly complete one, the one endowed with perfect knowledge and conduct
, the one who understands the world, the supreme
being, the one who controls men
, the teacher of gods and
humans, the
Tathagata, the Buddha who
has appeared in the world.
Whether in their previous lives practicing the
Bodhisattva path or in their current state as fully enlightened beings, they
never ceased for even a single
second or minute, tirelessly saving sentient beings.
When the Buddha entered Nirvana here
, his power was
immeasurable, and countless
beings, because of this event, attained
sainthood through the miraculous and wondrous supernatural powers that manifested
during the Buddha's Nirvana.
Today, with reverence and faith
in the Buddha, we offer robes and
flowers as offerings to the golden statue depicting the
Buddha in Nirvana.
We pray that the Buddha will bear witness
to our
devotion.  As we were given robes to offer to the
Buddha when he was still alive.
We pray that in every lifetime
we may meet the Buddhas,
offer robes as offerings, and seek the supreme path to
enlightenment.  We pray that we too may
soon be clothed in the robes of a disciple of the
Tathagata, and later become Buddhas ourselves.
[Music]
When the Buddha attained Nirvana, this world ceased to
exist.  The Buddha carried his alms bowl everywhere.  The
Tathagata leads the monastic community,
holding a begging bowl, to guide and enlighten sentient beings.   The state of Nirvana where the Tathagata attained it
no longer exists in
this world.  We also pray
that the monks and disciples of the
Buddha will wear the robes and carry the alms bowl in place of the Buddha, appearing
everywhere and for a long time
in this world.  To cultivate fields of merit for
all beings, to create images for us to
remember the
Tathagata.  We humbly request the Buddha to witness and
accept this robe made of coarse cloth, a token of
our sincere devotion.  May God grant us the
best things.  We
believe that the wishes the Buddha has
for us are beyond our
comprehension
.  Because the
Buddha always gives us the best things, things so good
that we cannot even imagine
them.
We vow to obey the
Buddha's teachings
in accordance with the Sutra of the Last Instructions,
as lay Buddhists living at home, and
we also take the precepts as our teacher.
Later, after we have renounced the world and become monks, we will
diligently observe the precepts and practice the teachings of the
Buddha so that we may always behold the Buddha's physical form
, the Dharma body of the Tathagata.  We humbly
request the Buddha to witness and
bless this offering of
ours.  Over 2000 years
ago, the tears of all living beings
fell.  On the night of the full moon in the
second month, the Buddha entered
Nirvana, amidst the twin trees of the
Sala tree.  Who is the guide?
Where can we find refuge now that you have attained Buddhahood?
Please show us
where we can find refuge, and as our tears cease and the Buddha's teachings fade away, we hear your words of
guidance.  Let morality be your
teacher.  The four emperors made the flame
black.  Practice
mindfulness day and night without interruption.
Compassion and diligent
effort will free you from all
suffering.  These are the final words of the Buddha's teachings
.
Let the precepts be your
teacher, and avoid the doctrines that might be a
dark shadow.  By
diligently cultivating oneself day and night, one
will transcend the cycle of rebirth.
[Music]
Dear all, before
the Buddha entered Nirvana, the sounds of weeping and
lamentation resounded
throughout the assembly of
monks, in the assembly
of the people of
Cina,
and everywhere.
When the Buddha
announced that he would enter
Nirvana, the sounds of
weeping and lamentation resounded everywhere.
[Music]
People from all over returned to
make offerings to the Buddha.  The
last time, there were so
many, mostly Buddhist
disciples like us laypeople, and at that time,
many of them cried and fainted.
Even the monks cried; they teased the
monks, and when they left, they cried a lot
from the
heavenly realms.  The celestial realms, dragons, gods, and demons,
all five squares,
wept at the event of the Buddha's entry into the secret realm,
so it is said
that this entire Dharma realm was shaken.
In our family, we only have one
parent, and when they pass away, we
cry and grieve deeply.
But since the
Buddha is
a benevolent father, it's
not just one person who cries,
but all living beings cry as well.
He,
in
his presence in this
world, has brought benefit to countless
beings.  Therefore, today all of
us should clasp our hands and contemplate the
obstacles in our minds.
We offer our heartfelt devotion to the Buddha, and we humbly
request that the Buddha bear witness to it
.  Reverend Buddha, the
benevolent father of all
beings, our benevolent father.
Today, our pilgrimage group, the
first of the Six Harmonious Practices Group, is visiting the four sacred sites of the Buddha's land. We are
here.  We
have many feelings of
sorrow in our hearts.  We feel sorry for
ourselves because, due to our evil deeds, we were born in this
degenerate age and were unable to meet the Buddha.
We sometimes wonder why the Buddha was
present in this
world for so short a time
.  The Buddha's presence in this
world brings happiness to countless beings
.   For countless
lifetimes, we must
have been deprived of the opportunity to meet the Buddha due to our profound and heavy karmic debts
.  Not having the opportunity to behold the 32 virtues and
80 beautiful features of the
Buddha.  We
feel that
we are truly unfortunate and unlucky.
If the Buddha were to appear
here, we would surely not be able to bear the
sight of him entering
Nirvana.  None of us could
bear the thought of the Buddha entering
Nirvana.
We
visualized that when the Buddha entered
Nirvana, all the celestial beings, gods, and
demons rolled
around, wept,
gloomily, and fainted.
Because the
Buddha always brings the greatest peace and well-being to all living beings
.  The Buddha cares for us, cares
for all sentient beings, in every little detail
.  Every word, every gesture, every
action.   The
Buddha taught us what we
should
think about, what we should ponder, what we should worry about
, what we should say and do, and
what we should not
think about, say, or do.
For countless
lifetimes, we have never experienced
such rare happiness, never been taught
in this way, never been cared for in
this way.  We,
born in this degenerate age, can
only perceive the compassion of the
Buddha through the
scriptures and the teachings of our spiritual teachers.
We were able to hear even just a little bit of the Buddha's teachings, and yet
we were already incredibly happy
.  If we could have the Buddha
[of music]
present in our lives,
we think
that perhaps seeing the Buddha
would also inspire us
much more.  But perhaps, over many
lifetimes, we have created so much negative karma
that we have not had the good fortune to meet the Buddha.
Today, here at the Nirvana Lamp,
we can only
contemplate the venerable form
of the Buddha through his
statue.  We have only been able to behold the
physical form of the Buddha through statues.
We feel sorry for
our [music].  We contemplate that if the
Buddha were truly
here in his physical form, we probably wouldn't be able to bear it.
We know that the Buddha's power is
immeasurable.  Although he has passed
away and manifested Nirvana,
his majesty and power remain
undiminished.  If someone wholeheartedly practices spiritual cultivation, they will receive divine
manifestations to bestow blessings and help others.
We were
ignorant and did not know or think that the
Buddha still
existed.  The Buddha is always
present.  If someone clings to a physical form, they will
have a revered statue, a golden body to enshrine.  If someone has attained
enlightenment, they will know that the Buddha is present
throughout this vast expanse of space
.  We remember
that
even in prison, Queen Vaidehi
turned to the
Buddha to make a request, and the Buddha knew everything.
The Buddha used his power to preach the
Dharma and convert Queen
Vaidehi.  We recite these scriptures in this way, and
we also believe that wherever we are, if we
cultivate the aspiration for diligence, the
Buddha will know and will bestow his blessings upon
us
.  But we are foolish.
Sometimes we don't think about it,
and only when we see the image of the
Buddha do we
realize it is the
Buddha.  We're back
here today.  We humbly request that the Buddha bestow his blessings
upon us.  We are
unfortunate to have been unable to see the Buddha in person
.
Therefore, O Buddha, please bless
us so that we may practice the teachings you
left for all beings,
for us.  We humbly ask the
Buddha to guide us so that we may
walk the path that the Buddha has
always wished for all beings.  The Buddha
wished for all beings
to possess the Buddha's compassion.
The Buddha taught that I am a Buddha who has attained enlightenment
, and all sentient beings are Buddhas who will
attain enlightenment.  That saying, that teaching, the
precious words of the Buddha.  If those
who have complete faith in the Buddha
diligently
practice, we, though foolish,
also believe this, but
due to greed, we do not
practice the Buddha's teachings.
We humbly beg the Buddha to
support us.  So that
we may strive diligently, so that we may
practice the teachings of the
Buddha.  Today, with utmost sincerity and devotion, we humbly
implore the Buddha to bless
us so that we may become his
disciples.
Following the vow of the Buddha, we,
though ignorant and foolish,
have also made the vow of Bodhi.
Some of us Buddhists understand this,
grasp it, and are diligently striving
to attain supreme enlightenment.  We
humbly request that the Buddha guide and support
the Buddhists who have made vows, who have
sincerely understood and appreciated the precious Dharma
.  We humbly request the Buddha to protect and guide
us.   Reverend
Buddha
, our benevolent father.
Today,
here before the Buddha's sacred body
, we,
each of us
, each feel the
emotions we feel
when our parents depart from this world.
We cannot bear it
; we weep and mourn in our old age.
When the
Buddha passed
away, just hearing the news
alone was enough to overwhelm
all those
who had ever met the Buddha throughout this entire realm of
Jambudvipa.   The
Buddha, with a heart devoted to all
beings, with a heart devoted to us.
[Music] It
felt like a crushing blow to the ears.
When everyone
heard the news of the Buddha's
Nirvana, we contemplated
that if we were the people of Kushinara at
that time, if
we were all those who had the opportunity to
see the
Buddha, we would surely have been
overwhelmed with grief
, overwhelmed with
sorrow, and would surely have
fainted.  Every step of the Buddha was
directed towards us.
If we were truly the people
at that time, we certainly wouldn't have been able to
tolerate it
.  We respectfully inform the Buddha.   Here
today
, we wish that the Buddha had not yet
entered
Nirvana, that the Buddha were still alive—
how much happiness we would have enjoyed
!  If the Buddha were still
alive,
we would certainly have the opportunity to meet him today
.  Or, wherever we are, if
we turn to the Buddha and make a
request, the Buddha will come to that place, he will
come to
us.  Today we have gathered here before the
sacred image and statue of the Buddha.   No matter
what we said, we could not
hear the Buddha's reply
.  All that remains are
scriptures, and what can only be heard through the teachings
of the Buddha's monastic disciples
.  But here, we
cannot hear with
our own ears.  The words of the Buddha.
We are very eager to hear the
Buddha's rebukes directed at
us.  When we chanted and recited the scriptures,
we heard the Buddha's words:
"You are truly foolish. I see
how happy all those who have attained enlightenment
are.
We, on the other hand, have
committed so many sins yet have not attained
enlightenment, not even the consequences of our
actions. Perhaps for many lifetimes
we have harmed our teachers and those who
taught
us. Our ears were not receptive to the
teachings, and that is why we did not meet the
Buddha.
Those who are taught by the Buddha must be
pure-hearted, obedient, and
eager to listen to
instruction. But for many lifetimes, we have
not liked listening to teachings,
nor to
corrections. Even when our parents taught us, we immediately
turned against them, harming
them. When our teachers taught us, we immediately developed
unwholesome thoughts, even harming them
. When virtuous friends and teachers
guided and encouraged us, we still developed unwholesome thoughts
. We believe that it is precisely because of
this that we did not meet the Buddha.
It is because of our evil karma that we have been able to meet the Buddha."  The
Buddha once called out to us, but
our karma prevented
Ananda from inviting him
. Today, here, we
sincerely wish to correct the mistakes we have
made. Although the Buddha has passed away,
we also wish to
meet the Buddhas in many future lifetimes
.
We vow to
diligently focus our minds on
mindfulness and
obedience. We will encourage each other to
acknowledge our faults, joyfully accept correction
, and accumulate good karma
so that in many future lifetimes we may meet
enlightened masters, and then behold the Buddha and the
Buddhas. We humbly
ask the Buddha to bear
witness to our vows. At the Golden National Club
of Ten Practices and Six Harmonies, we were
taught by the monk Thich Truc Thai Minh
. Surely our spiritual teacher
also knows this. He knows that to
behold the Buddha, to behold the
Buddha's Sambhogakaya, one
must have the merit of
obedience and gratitude. Only then can one
meet the Buddha.  Only then can we hear the
Buddha's words of rebuke
.
Therefore, our teacher, Sam Mon Thich Truc Thai
Minh, taught us to practice the
three minds:
reverence, obedience, and gratitude. Today,
before the Buddha's golden image entering
Nirvana, we understand
this. Before, we didn't
understand why we didn't meet the
Buddha, why we were born after the Buddha
had entered Nirvana? Why couldn't we be close to
such a good father
? The good father of all beings, yet we could
n't meet him
? It's because unfilial children
never meet their parents. Disrespectful children never meet them
. Disobedient children
never meet them. This is our fault
.
The Buddha
has taught sentient beings,
including us, for many lifetimes.
But because of our ignorance and unwholesomeness, we
never cultivated virtuous practices and the noble minds of reverence, obedience, and gratitude; we were ignorant and
didn't
understand. Today, we realize that it is due to
the power of the Buddha that we
understand this.  Thanks to the diligent teachings
of the Buddha's disciples, the monk
Thich Truc Thai Minh, we have come to
understand this. Today, with sincere hearts,
we sincerely and
wholeheartedly vow to
practice mindfulness, to cultivate ourselves with reverence, obedience, and
gratitude in the six harmonies,
hoping to meet and behold the
Buddhas.
We humbly
beseech the benevolent Father to bear witness to
us. From today onwards, we will certainly do
so. And we also believe that
some Buddhists with good roots will also
make such vows and do
so. Because we want to
meet and behold the
Buddhas, from the time of their enlightenment to their
Nirvana, we want to hear the true
Dharma, to see the wondrous nature
of the Buddhas, so that we may be
diligent on the path of practicing the Bodhisattva path, following in
the footsteps of the Buddhas, and only
then can we achieve supreme enlightenment.
In all merits,
we must behold the Buddhas.  Only by coming here can the Tathagata
bestow his prophecy and grant us the attainment of
supreme enlightenment.
If we are disobedient, disrespectful,
and ungrateful, we will have no cause, no opportunity to meet the
Tathagatas, and no chance to receive their
prophecy. Today, we have come to understand
this. We respectfully express our gratitude to the
Blessed One, our benevolent Father.
Indeed, the four holy places are places that disciples
must go, must visit, and must pay homage to.
Through paying homage and visiting, we have
come to understand this. We practice daily
, encourage each other, and these practices
are noble. But never once, not
once did we think that these practices
were the practice of meeting the Buddha, the practice of
hearing the Buddha's teachings. We longed to hear about
Buddhahood. These practices were the practice of following the
Blessed One, of carrying the alms bowl behind the
Blessed One, of becoming noble disciples of the
Blessed One.
I will certainly become a Buddhist, and some
Buddhists with good
roots and good wisdom will surely make
such vows. I humbly beseech the Blessed One to bear
witness to these...  Those who have made
vows, those who hear and know
this, and make vows, may the Buddha
support them.
And those who hear and know
this but have not yet made vows, we
ask the Buddha to bless them so that they may make
vows. We wish for all
beings to behold the Buddhas.
Today, with
determination, enlightenment
, and
courage, even if our bones are shattered and our flesh is torn apart, even if we meet enlightened masters and
disciples of the Buddha who
can teach us in various ways,
then in our future lives, we will
follow the Buddha, patiently enduring all the
merits, as long as we abide
in obedience, reverence, and
gratitude, so that we may accumulate
merits and gather them to
behold the Buddhas.
We humbly
beseech the Buddha to bear witness to
us.
[Music]
The Buddha, with boundless compassion, loves all suffering beings,
deluded and wise, the people, near and far, everywhere, are imbued with the great
grace of the Buddha.
Those who dream suddenly feel the love of the Dharma King,
suppressing the demonic forces.
From now on, the Dharma will be shared with all beings in the world, even the dust in the eyes of the world will be brightened.
People will awaken and be enlightened, even those who are deluded and confused will become enlightened
through
hearing the true Dharma. For 49
years, the Dharma has been propagated, and disciples have
spread throughout the human and celestial realms, many of whom are saints and Zen masters.
We have tested the scriptures and teachings throughout the land, and the
time has come for the Buddha to relinquish his life.
This great event is announced to the Sangha on the
full moon day of this month. The Tathagata passed away in the
city of Mara. At the end of the week, offerings were made to the Buddha, and
together with the victorious assembly, they departed to the Thana hill, where spring
flowers bloomed, and the Xa La forest blossomed with fragrant
scents. There was a man in a golden robe, Ananda, and the
Buddha, his heart filled with surprise. Ananda wept, his eyes widening in the darkness, and the divine
light shone brightly. He
said, "The Tathagata's color changes only twice
. In a single moment, the Tathagata will attain enlightenment, or
when he passes away, the time will be complete. Tonight, the moment
is near, the great Nirvana, the unborn.
Ananda wept, mourning, and the
image of the one without beginning.
Where else can compare to the sun that is extinguished above the head? The
high heavens tremble, the earth trembles, and the world transforms. The
Buddha's boundless compassion and mercy are shown."  Teaching the
law of impermanence, the arising of causes and
conditions, the path of cause and
effect, the golden law of truth, the teacher's guidance from
now on, the complete teaching of the four stages of
liberation, severing the bonds of mental
affliction in the monastic community, whoever needs guidance, please ask for advice on the
suffering in the heart. If
the family rituals are revealed by the Buddha until the time
of the Tathagata's passing. May the teachers be enlightened
about the three stages of diligent practice. The monastic
community is silent at the door like a tranquil rim. At the
last moment, the disciples must understand the
great karma of birth and death. Day and night, diligently practice
meditation, the world and all phenomena are impermanent from ancient times to the
present. The dragon's
waves, hidden trees, the firm power, the true direction,
south, head, north, the direction of the Dharma King, the straight path,
entering and
exiting the Buddha's Nirvana according to the form of the Great
Emperor's transformation, the cremation ceremony, the sacred body of the Buddha, the
void, waves of heavenly flowers, six ways, true movement, heavenly and
human rituals, harmony, fire, samadhi,
arising in the great meditation, the words of the pearl, spring appearing,
preserving the pagoda, the venerable, the king, hoping for the
new Dharma, the destruction of a thousand. Deep teachings, shining, a great man, a
lifetime of teaching and practice, the virtuous Buddha, the wise and
holy, because of the white circle, perfect,
compassionate,
a single act, recorded, golden benefit, the disciples,
four rows of friends.  Learning to burn incense and chant,
we are moved by the Buddha's words, echoing from the past to the present
. Following the Buddha, the great hero, the unborn, we, with utmost
sincerity, bow our heads in reverence to our
benevolent father, Shakyamuni
. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. With
utmost reverence, with one heart, we
respectfully bow to the original, supremely capable, compassionate, and all-encompassing being, who transforms
delusion and awakens enlightenment
. His countless karmic connections lead to enlightenment
. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with utmost sincerity, we bow
in reverence to the golden teachings of the Tathagata, who guides all beings through the path of liberation. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with utmost sincerity, we bow in reverence to the golden teachings of the Tathagata, who guides all beings through the precepts
and the path of
enlightenment. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, with utmost
sincerity, we bow in reverence to the golden teachings of the
Tathagata, who guides all disciples and
Buddhist followers through the precepts and the path of enlightenment. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with utmost sincerity, we bow in reverence to the golden teachings of the Tathagata, who guides all beings through the path of liberation. The true Dharma, the
ultimate truth, is the sweet
lamp illuminating the path to enlightenment, practicing the
four mindfulnesses. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, with utmost sincerity,
we bow in reverence to the golden teachings of the Tathagata.
To destroy the teachers of the monastic order and the
Buddha's
followers, to uphold the righteous path of the three paths, to
guide sentient beings to liberation.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with sincere devotion, I respectfully
bow to the golden teachings of the Tathagata, to
destroy the teachers of the monastic order, and to the
Buddha's followers, to uphold the precepts, to avoid the burning of ivory, to light the lamp of the worm, to diligently strive
to overcome the
ocean of suffering, to live in delusion, to break the cycle of birth and death.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with sincere devotion, I respectfully bow to the
80th year, to the night of this month, to the river of
longevity, to attain Nirvana, with the
golden teachings of the Buddha, I am freed from
suffering. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with sincere devotion, I
respectfully bow to the
80th year, to the full moon of the second month, to the river of
longevity, to attain Nirvana. The present year, the jade palace, the great square, the
flowing light, the boundless heaven. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with sincere
devotion, I respectfully bow to the manifestation of Nirvana.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, with sincere devotion, I
respectfully bow to the manifestation of Nirvana. And
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. With sincere devotion, I
respectfully bow to the manifestation of Nirvana.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
Ni. We respectfully bow to
our benevolent father, Buddha Shakyamuni
. We ask for your blessings
so that we may be diligent.
Today, the Buddhists present in
this Dharma assembly, along with the Buddhists in
our Golden Club, our
relatives, and those with
karmic connections, turn our hearts towards our pilgrimage.
Turn our hearts towards the place where the Buddha entered
Nirvana. Turn our hearts towards the Venerable One, offering our
sincere devotion. We
pray that the Venerable One will bear witness.
May God bless all of us, those with
karmic connections who have come here. We pay
homage to the image of the Venerable One entering Nirvana, and
turn our hearts
towards the merits of the Venerable One
. [music] There are
feelings about
this place, feelings about the moment the
Buddha entered
Nirvana, along with all those with karmic
connections.
We ask the Venerable One to bless
all of
us so that we may develop the
karmic connection to diligently pursue the path of seeking supreme enlightenment
. May
God bless
us so that we may practice.  The
Buddha's teachings and last instructions are
for us to quickly achieve enlightenment
for ourselves and for all
sentient beings. We
hope to walk the
path of Bodhi following in the Buddha's footsteps
. We ask the Buddha to bear witness to our vows.
Now,
before the image of the Buddha entering Nirvana, we make our vows.
We ask the Buddha to bear witness
to our vows.
[Music]
Reverend Buddha. Reverend Buddha. We make our vows.
We make our vows. To practice according to the Buddha's last instructions.
To practice according to the Buddha's last instructions. To diligently observe the precepts.
To diligently observe the
precepts. To listen to and learn the
Dharma. To deeply understand right view. To deeply understand right view
. To practice according to reason
. To practice according to reason,
we also ask. We also ask to cultivate
Bodhicitta. To cultivate Bodhicitta. To seek the supreme path
. To seek the supreme path. According to the Buddha's will
. According to the Buddha's will.
We ask the Buddha. We ask  May
the Buddha bear witness and bless
us. May he bear
witness and bless us so that we may
practice the Bodhisattva path. May he be able to practice the
Bodhisattva path.
And in the presence of our revered teacher, the Venerable
Buddha's monastic disciple, the Venerable
Buddha's monastic disciple, whose Dharma name is Thich
Truc Thai Minh, whose Dharma name is Thich Truc
Thai Minh, who has
entrusted this to us. Today,
before the image of the Buddha in
Nirvana, before the image of the Buddha in
Nirvana, we
humbly vow to practice the
Bodhisattva path. We vow to
practice the
Bodhisattva path. We vow to cultivate the Bodhi mind. We vow to
protect the Three Jewels. We vow to spread the
Dharma throughout the
world. We vow to seek
supreme enlightenment. We vow to cultivate the
Bodhi mind. We
vow to protect the Three Jewels. We vow to spread the
Dharma throughout the
world.  Throughout the world. We pray for supreme enlightenment
. We pray for supreme enlightenment. We cultivate the Bodhi mind. We
cultivate the Bodhi mind. We uphold the Three Jewels. We protect the Three Jewels. We transmit the Buddha
Dharma. We transmit the Buddha Dharma. Throughout the world
. Throughout the world.
We pray for supreme enlightenment.
We pray for supreme enlightenment. We ask the
Buddha to witness and
bless us so that
we may
be diligent. We all bow down in
reverence.
Namo Shakyamuni Buddha. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha
. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha. We, your
disciples, respectfully bow and
offer our petition.
We respectfully address you,
our group of Buddhist followers
from Ba Vang Temple in Vietnam.
Today we have the honor of visiting the sacred site.
The Buddha entered Nirvana.
We know that you, Venerable Masters, are
here [music], practicing and preserving the Dharma in
India. You offer daily offerings to the
Buddha.
[music]
Today, we sincerely offer pure money and
pure objects to you, Venerable
Masters.
We pray that you will happily accept
[music] and
witness our offerings.
We wish you always good
health, and that you will soon attain enlightenment
[music]
to preserve the
Dharma, to preserve the
sacred sites, and to
provide a place of refuge and guidance for Buddhists worldwide, so that
we may achieve faith,
diligently
practice according to the Buddha's
teachings, reduce suffering, and
attain liberation in the future
. We respectfully request
you to witness and accept our offerings.
[Applause]
[music]
arma samas
Namo ts
bwahô samma sams
[music]
A bowl of rice  Thousands of
single-person households, thousands of miles away, with
blue eyes gazing at the world, asking for directions through
white clouds, shaving oxen and mulberry leaves, cutting
hair, wearing tattered clothes, living a life of self-control and
purity. Their
mouths and minds are peaceful. Their alms bowls are everywhere, without attachment to
food. They receive the blessings of all sentient beings without distinction between the lowly and the
bright.
They are free from the thirst for knowledge, the infatuation of pride and delusion. Their compassion is for all beings, equal in spirit.
A single bowl of rice, thousands of
single-person households, thousands of miles away,
begging for alms, their alms bowls bring blessings and
benefits to all beings, those who have renounced worldly life to seek the
holy path. They bring blessings to every
household, eradicating false views, preaching the Dharma, and saving sentient beings.
[Music]
[Applause]
H
[Music] [Music
]
Thank you for cleaning the sacred
site. Can someone translate for me?
Ah, please clean the sacred site. Please
clean the
sacred site. The Buddha is here to help. The Buddha is here.
This is the Buddha giving a gift. The Buddha's disciple is giving a
gift. That's the Buddha giving a gift. The Buddha is giving a gift.
That's the Buddha's gift.
That's the Buddha's gift. Practicing
Buddhism will bring you a gift. The Buddha's gift
.
There.
There. That's a gift from the Buddha. Take good care of this sacred site
. Pray that this sacred
site will last a long, long time,
so that the Buddha's teachings may last a long time in
the world.
[Music]
This is yours. Amitabha Buddha,
this is yours. Amitabha
Buddha. This is my good child
. Here I am, practicing
Buddhism. Practicing until the day I become a Buddha
. Remember? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay,
one, one,
two.
Oh.
[Music]